\input texinfo.tex    @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename nterm.info
@settitle Nterm User Manual
@documentencoding utf-8
@c %**end of header

@dircategory Emacs
@direntry
* Nterm: (nterm).        Nterm terminal emulator
@end direntry

@copying
Copyright @copyright{} 2010, Christopher Browne

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.2 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, with no Front-Cover Texts, and with no Back-Cover
Texts.
@end quotation
@end copying

@node Top
@top Nterm User Manual

Nterm is an extension to Emacs that emulates a terminal.

@menu
* Introduction::
* Configuration::
* Recording Mode::
* Terminal Memory::
* Memory Dump Mode::
* ToDo::
* Acknowledgments::             
@end menu

@node Introduction
@chapter Introduction

With Nterm, you can switch to a buffer that emulates a vt100.

Features include:
@itemize @bullet
@item G0 G1 switching with shift in and shift out
@item special graphics characters (used for line drawing)
@item blinking, bright, underline and reverse rendition
@item scroll up and down including within top and bottom margin
@item switch terminal background color
@item switch between 80 and 132 columns screen
@item tabulation set and reset
@item all VT100 escape sequences are handled
@item Double width character
@item Double height character
@end itemize

@node Configuration
@chapter Configuration

@itemize @bullet
@item nterm-shell
@item nterm-height
@item nterm-width
@item nterm-buffer-name
@end itemize

@node ToDo
@chapter Todo

Things that remain to be done:
@itemize @bullet
@item fix line drawing single width characters
@item bind C-c C-c to interrupt
@item fix slow crolling
@item fix buffer popping when changing cursor position
@item US and UK character set.
@item ANSI color
@item VT52 compatibility mode
@item Copy and paste mechanism
@item xterm emulator
@item Directory tracking
@item Handle multiple instance
@item Look for TBD in this file for other things...
@end itemize

@node Recording Mode
@chapter Recording Mode

Hit F11 to record and replay traces.

The recorder takes a trace of characters received by the
terminal. Someone can easily reproduce a bug by replaying the trace
both on xterm and nterm.

@node Terminal Memory
@chapter Terminal Memory

So that area of the terminal can be redrawn for blinking and changing
screen background.

@node Memory Dump Mode
@chapter Memory Dump Mode

There is a memory dump mode (f10) that allows the programmer to
examine the memory.

@node Acknowledgments
@chapter Acknowledgments

Nterm was written by Ivan Kanis.

Documentation by Christopher Browne.

@bye
